README.md, before:

## Connect4

If you don't know the rules, I can point you to google.

Current issues to address as of 4/26/2020:
> Handle win conditions
> - Functions to check for
> - - [x] horizontal
> - - [x] vertical
> - - - [x] glitch in vertical win declaring a win if pressing an illegal space not directly above a played position
> - - [ ] diagonal wins
> - [ ] Function to check if game is a draw
> - If a win/draw is found, announce it and ask if they want to play again
> - - [x] Win is announced
> - - [ ] Ask if they want to play again

> Button to restart game
> - [ ] Maybe have a pop-up that asks the players if they're sure

> Text notifications of game state
> - [ ] Whose turn it is
> - [ ] notificatoin if previous turn was invalid

> Clean handleClick function in App.js
> - [ ] Separtae into smaller function to handle separation of concerns

> Work on styling
> - [ ] If you've looked at the app, you'll know

> DB tracking team wins
> - [ ] Update function on mongoose not working properly.
> - [ ] Data is being passed into function in proper form

> SOLVED Why is my board actually made
> - Look into src/BoardMaker.jsx
> - Doesn't have anything that actuall places the tiles around
>   - The way I read it, all tiles should be placed on top of eachother
> #### ANSWER
> - grid template set up the board and how many elements could be placed. So just
> - - iterating the proper amount of times handles it


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Commit message:

done for the night. Finished editing some of my formatting to meet linter standards. Ran into troubles when changing the main App file fype from 'js' to 'jsx'. Caused system crash

README.md, after:

## Connect4

If you don't know the rules, I can point you to google.

Current issues to address as of 5/23/2020:
> Linter prolbems
> - [ ] Can't change file tage from 'js' to 'jsx'. App crashes
> Handle win conditions
> - Functions to check for
> - - [x] horizontal
> - - [x] vertical
> - - - [x] glitch in vertical win declaring a win if pressing an illegal space not directly above a played position
> - - [ ] diagonal wins
> - [ ] Function to check if game is a draw
> - If a win/draw is found, announce it and ask if they want to play again
> - - [x] Win is announced
> - - [ ] Ask if they want to play again

> Button to restart game
> - [ ] Maybe have a pop-up that asks the players if they're sure

> Text notifications of game state
> - [ ] Whose turn it is
> - [ ] notificatoin if previous turn was invalid

> Clean handleClick function in App.js
> - [ ] Separtae into smaller function to handle separation of concerns

> Work on styling
> - [ ] If you've looked at the app, you'll know

> DB tracking team wins
> - [ ] Update function on mongoose not working properly.
> - [ ] Data is being passed into function in proper form

> SOLVED Why is my board actually made
> - Look into src/BoardMaker.jsx
> - Doesn't have anything that actuall places the tiles around
>   - The way I read it, all tiles should be placed on top of eachother
> #### ANSWER
> - grid template set up the board and how many elements could be placed. So just
> - - iterating the proper amount of times handles it


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
